[IMP] sales: updated get signature for validation doc for RST formatting (#4460)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/get_signature_to_validate.rst

=========================================
Online signatures for order confirmations
=========================================

The Odoo *Sales* application provides customers with the ability to confirm orders via an online
signature directly on the sales order. Once the sales order is electronically signed by the
customer, the salesperson attached to the sales order is automatically notified that the order is
confirmed.

Activate online signatures
==========================

> To activate the *Online Signature* feature, go to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration -->

Reviewer: No need to capitalize *online signature*
```suggestion
To activate the *online signature* feature, go to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration -->
```

> Settings`, scroll to the :guilabel:`Quotations & Orders` heading, and activate the
> :guilabel:`Online Signature` feature by checking the box beside it, and clicking the
> :guilabel:`Save` button in the top-left corner.

Reviewer: Early line break
```suggestion
Settings`, scroll to the :guilabel:`Quotations & Orders` heading, and activate the :guilabel:`Online
Signature` feature by checking the box beside it, and clicking the :guilabel:`Save` button in the
top-left corner.
```

.. image:: get_signature_to_validate/signature-setting.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: How to enable online signature on Odoo Sales.

Reviewer: All three following images have the same alt text, its best for each to be descriptive and unique.
```suggestion
   :alt: How to enable online signature in Odoo Sales settings.
```

.. note::

>    The :guilabel:`Online Signature` feature for each quotation template is found under the

Reviewer 2: Changing the sentence structure slightly to mirror the following sentence and draw the comparison more clearly.
```suggestion
   On quotation templates, the :guilabel:`Online Signature` feature is located under the
```

>    If you are familiar with the documentation explaining :doc:`quote_template`, the
>    :guilabel:`Online Signature` feature for each quotation template is found under the
>    :guilabel:`Confirmation` tab.

Reviewer 3: This conditional doesn't make sense. It reads like you're saying that the Online Signature feature is found on the Confirmation tab IF the reader is familiar with the quote template documentation. I think you can remove the intro entirely. See below.
```suggestion
   The :guilabel:`Online Signature` feature for each quotation template is found under the
   :guilabel:`Confirmation` tab.
```

   .. image:: get_signature_to_validate/signature-confirmation-tab.png
      :align: center

>       :alt: How to enable online signature on Odoo Sales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :alt: How to enable online signature on a quotation template.
```

   On standard quotations, the :guilabel:`Online Signature` feature is located under the
   :guilabel:`Other Info` tab.

   .. image:: get_signature_to_validate/signature-other-info-tab.png
      :align: center

>       :alt: How to enable online signature on Odoo Sales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :alt: How to enable online signature on standard quotations.
```

Order confirmations with online signatures
==========================================

When quotations are sent to clients, there's an option for them to :guilabel:`Sign & Pay` directly

> on the quotation. When clicked, clients have the option to draw a signature, fill in the field with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on the quotation in the online customer portal. When clicked, clients have the option to draw a signature, fill in the field with
```

> on the quotation. When clicked, clients have the option to draw a signature, automatically fill in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
on the quotation. When clicked, clients have the option to draw a signature, fill in
```

an automated signature, or load a file from their computer.

.. image:: get_signature_to_validate/signature-validate-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to confirm an order with a signature on Odoo Sales.

Once signed, the various payment method options become available. Then, when the quotation is paid

> and confirmed, a delivery order is automatically created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and confirmed, a delivery order is automatically created (if the Odoo *Inventory* app is installed).
```
